# get pods c12e3187e31c4e54a981e6097fa7f949

```bash
✘ er046256@w1738944  ~/tmp/Container-Masterclass-Codes/CC_Kubernetes/S12  kubectl get pods
NAME                                                              READY   STATUS                  RESTARTS   AGE
edge-production-5b885557d8-4xc2t                                  1/1     Running                 0          2d8h
edge-production-5b885557d8-8g2gm                                  1/1     Running                 1          2d8h
edge-production-5b885557d8-9pzsn                                  1/1     Running                 1          2d8h
edge-production-5b885557d8-s77x7                                  1/1     Running                 1          2d8h
edge-production-5b885557d8-t9v82                                  1/1     Running                 0          2d8h
edge-sandbox-57bd5d44b9-7hpz2                                     1/1     Running                 2          2d7h
edge-sandbox-57bd5d44b9-nzzdv                                     1/1     Running                 0          2d7h
edge-sandbox-57bd5d44b9-rpvfb                                     1/1     Running                 0          2d7h
edge-staging-77767d774c-6rgf2                                     1/1     Terminating             0          11d
edge-staging-77767d774c-bf6fc                                     1/1     Running                 1          11d
edge-staging-77767d774c-bs4sc                                     1/1     Running                 0          18d
edge-staging-77767d774c-d8mcj                                     1/1     Running                 0          18d
edge-staging-77767d774c-p449x                                     0/1     Init:CrashLoopBackOff   8          21m
edge-staging-77767d774c-zvrr6                                     1/1     Running                 0          18d
eureka-production-us-asp-kc-8a-54c67699cb-bf9vp                   1/1     Running                 0          39d
eureka-production-us-asp-kc-8b-7b95996b66-2cq8n                   0/1     Pending                 0          11d
eureka-production-us-asp-kc-8c-759599c74f-5db2t                   1/1     Running                 0          39d
eureka-sandbox-us-asp-kc-8a-8579fdb9fc-9fbwl                      1/1     Running                 0          9d
eureka-sandbox-us-asp-kc-8b-6c9df89bcf-c545x                      0/1     Pending                 0          9d
eureka-sandbox-us-asp-kc-8b-7bd598545d-dgqpq                      0/1     Pending                 0          11d
eureka-sandbox-us-asp-kc-8c-846cb77df7-wmsjb                      1/1     Running                 0          9d
eureka-staging-us-asp-kc-8a-56b449dcf6-j4c9r                      1/1     Running                 0          29d
eureka-staging-us-asp-kc-8b-66477f698-kkq5v                       0/1     Pending                 0          11d
eureka-staging-us-asp-kc-8c-5fd9c4697b-qlzk2                      1/1     Running                 0          21m
eureka-staging-us-asp-kc-8c-5fd9c4697b-tn6pc                      1/1     Terminating             0          29d
mlactivechoiceaggregator-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp5hdrm   1/1     Running                 0          47h
mlactivechoiceaggregator-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp64rgp   1/1     Running                 0          47h
mlactivechoiceaggregator-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cerneraspjs7s5   1/1     Running                 0          2d7h
mlactivechoiceaggregator-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cerneraspzx9b8   1/1     Running                 0          2d7h
mlactivechoiceaggregator-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cerneraspthnpx   1/1     Running                 0          2d1h
mlactivechoiceaggregator-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasptvpx2   1/1     Running                 0          2d1h
mlactivechoiceaggregator-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp9cb24   1/1     Running                 0          4d16h
mlactivechoiceaggregator-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasphgbv2   1/1     Running                 0          4d16h
mlaliaspool-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-b8b94xbx28   1/1     Running                 0          26d
mlaliaspool-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-b8b94zffzd   1/1     Running                 0          26d
mlaliaspool-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-69fdd655d7gvg   1/1     Running                 0          8d
mlaliaspool-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-69fdd655lp9jm   1/1     Running                 0          8d
mlaliaspool-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-6b69596b8tq76   1/1     Running                 0          2d7h
mlaliaspool-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-6b69596bvvjg9   1/1     Running                 0          2d7h
mlaliaspool-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-6c865fc8ctx5j   1/1     Running                 0          9d
mlaliaspool-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-6c865fc8psc49   1/1     Running                 0          9d
mlaliaspool-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-75854c94j5krw   1/1     Running                 0          11d
mlaliaspool-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-75854c94p8pjm   1/1     Running                 0
```

