# get ReplicaSet 030650eb5f564a378c04f6d5bbbb40a1

```bash
NAME                                                                                       DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
mlorderfhir-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-68ff97bf42fb47   1/1     Running                 1          25d
mlorderfhir-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-68ff97bf45dxfz   1/1     Running                 1          25d
mlorderfhir-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-68ff97bf4647cn   1/1     Running                 1          25d
mlorderfhir-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-68ff97bf4cg9cz   1/1     Running                 1          11d
mlorderfhir-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-68ff97bf4dl4jt   1/1     Running                 1          25d
mlorderfhir-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-68ff97bf4q8v8s   1/1     Running                 1          11d
mlorderfhir-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-68ff97bf4t2wnd   1/1     Running                 1          25d
mlorderfhir-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-68ff97bf4xr57v   1/1     Running                 0          25d
```

```bash
er046256@w1738944  ~/tmp/Container-Masterclass-Codes/CC_Kubernetes/S12  kubectl get rs
NAME                                                                                       DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
edge-production-5b885557d8                                                                 5         5         5       26d
edge-production-7b888bc9c8                                                                 0         0         0       25d
edge-sandbox-57bd5d44b9                                                                    3         3         3       2d9h
edge-sandbox-7fb9d977c8                                                                    0         0         0       2d9h
edge-staging-6654854567                                                                    0         0         0       22d
edge-staging-77767d774c                                                                    5         5         5       18d
eureka-production-us-asp-kc-8a-54c67699cb                                                  1         1         1       39d
eureka-production-us-asp-kc-8a-644f7dffc6                                                  0         0         0       53d
eureka-production-us-asp-kc-8b-77c66f889d                                                  0         0         0       53d
eureka-production-us-asp-kc-8b-7b95996b66                                                  1         1         0       39d
eureka-production-us-asp-kc-8c-74b98c5cd9                                                  0         0         0       53d
eureka-production-us-asp-kc-8c-759599c74f                                                  1         1         1       39d
eureka-sandbox-us-asp-kc-8a-7f7f86cf48                                                     0         0         0       37d
eureka-sandbox-us-asp-kc-8a-8579fdb9fc                                                     1         1         1       9d
eureka-sandbox-us-asp-kc-8b-6c9df89bcf                                                     1         1         0       9d
eureka-sandbox-us-asp-kc-8b-7bd598545d                                                     1         1         0       37d
eureka-sandbox-us-asp-kc-8b-f89bcc87d                                                      0         0         0       58d
eureka-sandbox-us-asp-kc-8c-69944c6cc6                                                     0         0         0       37d
eureka-sandbox-us-asp-kc-8c-846cb77df7                                                     1         1         1       9d
eureka-staging-us-asp-kc-8a-56b449dcf6                                                     1         1         1       29d
eureka-staging-us-asp-kc-8a-8658bf5cd5                                                     0         0         0       38d
eureka-staging-us-asp-kc-8b-66477f698                                                      1         1         0       29d
eureka-staging-us-asp-kc-8b-f68dd6f4c                                                      0         0         0       38d
eureka-staging-us-asp-kc-8c-564fc7464f                                                     0         0         0       38d
eureka-staging-us-asp-kc-8c-5fd9c4697b                                                     1         1         1       29d
mlactivechoiceaggregator-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-5df99774c8                  2         2         2       2d1h
mlactivechoiceaggregator-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-5f49c7d8fb                  2         2         2       2d8h
mlactivechoiceaggregator-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-7b86f8dbc4                  2         2         2       2d3h
mlactivechoiceaggregator-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-6ccf6d89dc                  2         2         2       4d18h
mlactivechoiceaggregator-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-77d745954f                  0         0         0       5d9h
mlaliaspool-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-58cd8bfc7                             0         0         0       40d
mlaliaspool-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-b8b94b68f                             2         2         2       26d
mlaliaspool-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-69fdd65594                               2         2         2       9d
mlaliaspool-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-7f5c8fb5fc                               0         0         0       9d
mlaliaspool-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-55b76cf58f                               0         0         0       9d
mlaliaspool-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-6b69596b7f                               2         2         2       2d8h
mlaliaspool-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-6c865fc8b7                               2         2         2       9d
mlaliaspool-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-75dcc897f8                               0         0         0       37d
mlaliaspool-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-69467f7596                               0         0         0       29d
mlaliaspool-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-75854c94b5                               2         2         2       21d
mlallergy-production-p3347-cern-clin-cernerasp-com-86d9d89fdc                              2         2         2       39d
mlallergy-production-p3347-cern-clin-cernerasp-com-c7d4677c9                               0         0         0       53d
mlallergy-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-5694b64d44                              2         2         2       26d
mlallergy-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-56b75dc678                              0         0         0       40d
mlallergy-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-597bfb5db8                                 0         0         0       30d
mlallergy-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-6f98b87cb4                                 2         2         2       9d
mlallergy-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-55c4df76c8                                 0         0         0       9d
mlallergy-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-6b55955d68                                 2         2         2       2d8h
mlallergy-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-7489cf895                                  0         0         0       9d
mlallergy-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-f4f6fc765                                  2         2         2       9d
mlallergy-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-749b65886b                                 2         2         2       21d
mlallergy-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-d979bf6c5                                  0         0         0       5d3h
mlallergyreference-production-b1013-sths-tn-cernerasp-com-5bd6fbc458                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-b1013-sths-tn-cernerasp-com-8c845bc5b                        0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-b121-albr-pa-cernerasp-com-57dc6bf947                        0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-b121-albr-pa-cernerasp-com-5864dc69f7                        0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-b1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-57d4d77bfd                       0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-b1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-66889f9f94                       1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-b205-sgen-oh-cernerasp-com-5588459877                        0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-b205-sgen-oh-cernerasp-com-855bf6fff                         1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-b275-trum-mo-cernerasp-com-585d6f97f7                        0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-b275-trum-mo-cernerasp-com-77c896df45                        1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-b3347-cern-clin-cernerasp-com-6574bf676f                     1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-b3347-cern-clin-cernerasp-com-794c7bfdcc                     0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-b4298-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-69cd5c5587                       0         0         0       312d
mlallergyreference-production-b4298-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-6c4f475467                       0         0         0       340d
mlallergyreference-production-b4298b-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-55dbcb7755                      0         0         0       312d
mlallergyreference-production-b4298b-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-b9474bfcf                       0         0         0       340d
mlallergyreference-production-b4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-5df65f67df                       0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-b4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-94c4c6779                        1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-c0224r-cern-rwx-cernerasp-com-7b55bb7                        1         1         0       39d
mlallergyreference-production-c0224r-cern-rwx-cernerasp-com-7bdcf595b7                     0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-c0622-fair-oh-cernerasp-com-754cd4f967                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-c0622-fair-oh-cernerasp-com-7795bb7985                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-c0701-chld-wa-cernerasp-com-56df467f7                        0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-c0701-chld-wa-cernerasp-com-67cfc8ffd7                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-c149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-7ccb49745                         1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-c149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-86947bb9d9                        0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-c149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-67ccddf8bf                        1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-c149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-cdb557957                         0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-c1568-utwn-pa-cernerasp-com-5b974c9b8c                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-c1568-utwn-pa-cernerasp-com-d79b99b69                        0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-c161-wood-oh-cernerasp-com-54cb4688c4                        0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-c161-wood-oh-cernerasp-com-69b4b4b748                        0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-c1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-6cf55bd644                       1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-c1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-f89545d5d                        0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-c351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-5c797df5fd                         0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-c351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-5f848cd74b                         1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-c478-bvha-oh-cernerasp-com-866f94d497                        0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-c478-bvha-oh-cernerasp-com-b7965d5cf                         0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-c810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-59985669df                        1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-c810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-69958b9685                        0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-d3291-ahau-tx-cernerasp-com-5d497fdf55                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-d3291-ahau-tx-cernerasp-com-68b68cc89c                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-d810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-5f4697d59f                        1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-d810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-6d6c7456f7                        0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-m0128-stvn-fl-cernerasp-com-7c87c8f7fb                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-m0128-stvn-fl-cernerasp-com-c88cbcbb                         0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-m0151-oak-mi-cernerasp-com-5fb49ff6bb                        0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-m0151-oak-mi-cernerasp-com-977b6cb88                         0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-m0282-ahmo-ct-cernerasp-com-5bd6d6f9b4                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-m0282-ahmo-ct-cernerasp-com-84cdc9d8c4                       0         0         0       556d
mlallergyreference-production-m0302-ahmo-et-cernerasp-com-68588648d5                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-m0302-ahmo-et-cernerasp-com-75c87d44f9                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-m1048-sjhs-ok-cernerasp-com-589df7cf7c                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-m1048-sjhs-ok-cernerasp-com-dbb48c56c                        0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-m1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-6f456c7578                       1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-m1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-7846d5b4                         0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-m205-sgen-oh-cernerasp-com-54d645f789                        0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-m205-sgen-oh-cernerasp-com-6c86b98c69                        1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-m2200-crtn-mi-cernerasp-com-68485c64ff                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-m2200-crtn-mi-cernerasp-com-6b596bf64f                       0         0         0       556d
mlallergyreference-production-m275-trum-mo-cernerasp-com-66b4d9bcf5                        1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-production-m275-trum-mo-cernerasp-com-7855db4b69                        0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-m3298-ahde-mi-cernerasp-com-6bc475b8c8                       0         0         0       556d
mlallergyreference-production-m3298-ahde-mi-cernerasp-com-798bd97dbd                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-m810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-7974df97f7                        0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-m810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-cc594f769                         1         1         0       39d
mlallergyreference-production-p0128-stvn-fl-cernerasp-com-6b559cddfc                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-p0128-stvn-fl-cernerasp-com-85ffdf79f                        0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p0151-oak-mi-cernerasp-com-6f48f9cbbc                        0         0         0       556d
mlallergyreference-production-p0151-oak-mi-cernerasp-com-848f86fff7                        0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p0224r-cern-rwx-cernerasp-com-7759cdc86d                     0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-p0224r-cern-rwx-cernerasp-com-866dfc4886                     2         2         2       39d
mlallergyreference-production-p0282-ahmo-ct-cernerasp-com-784dccb55                        0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-p0282-ahmo-ct-cernerasp-com-cc8c6b65                         0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p0302-ahmo-et-cernerasp-com-585d4d878                        0         0         0       556d
mlallergyreference-production-p0302-ahmo-et-cernerasp-com-6fb577b7c6                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p0622-fair-oh-cernerasp-com-6446f6955b                       0         0         0       556d
mlallergyreference-production-p0622-fair-oh-cernerasp-com-7cb9f6c57d                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p0701-chld-wa-cernerasp-com-7ff4798f74                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p0701-chld-wa-cernerasp-com-9bc787b6d                        0         0         0       556d
mlallergyreference-production-p1013-sths-tn-cernerasp-com-6b96997cc6                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p1013-sths-tn-cernerasp-com-76f656c866                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-p1048-sjhs-ok-cernerasp-com-768b54f77d                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p1048-sjhs-ok-cernerasp-com-d98dd767b                        0         0         0       556d
mlallergyreference-production-p121-albr-pa-cernerasp-com-665b6d988f                        0         0         0       556d
mlallergyreference-production-p121-albr-pa-cernerasp-com-6d9796b6c9                        0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-886b95c54                         2         2         2       39d
mlallergyreference-production-p149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-f54cb66bd                         0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-p149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-579d797b96                        2         2         2       39d
mlallergyreference-production-p149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-965c7d54b                         0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-p1568-utwn-pa-cernerasp-com-68fbc7b974                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p1568-utwn-pa-cernerasp-com-699b9bd784                       0         0         0       556d
mlallergyreference-production-p161-wood-oh-cernerasp-com-7d74c9dbb7                        0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p161-wood-oh-cernerasp-com-855dfd9589                        0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-p1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-5987d78c69                       2         2         2       39d
mlallergyreference-production-p1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-6c8ff89b85                       0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-p205-sgen-oh-cernerasp-com-5b87b7bd64                        0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-p205-sgen-oh-cernerasp-com-89b46d5c8                         2         2         2       39d
mlallergyreference-production-p2200-crtn-mi-cernerasp-com-558ddbff68                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-p2200-crtn-mi-cernerasp-com-56cd9b947d                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p275-trum-mo-cernerasp-com-6f687b7d94                        0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-p275-trum-mo-cernerasp-com-997dc9b8b                         2         2         2       39d
mlallergyreference-production-p3291-ahau-tx-cernerasp-com-694f595b77                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-p3291-ahau-tx-cernerasp-com-7f6f89f747                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p3298-ahde-mi-cernerasp-com-7d68988f49                       0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p3298-ahde-mi-cernerasp-com-7f77497d75                       0         0         0       571d
mlallergyreference-production-p3347-cern-clin-cernerasp-com-85cfd857b4                     0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-p3347-cern-clin-cernerasp-com-99bb9ff68                      2         2         2       39d
mlallergyreference-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-654f48db4d                         0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-d769f4d54                          2         2         2       39d
mlallergyreference-production-p4298-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-7b96fb9966                       0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-p4298-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-7f574df64d                       2         2         2       39d
mlallergyreference-production-p4298b-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-6f969854f                       0         0         0       311d
mlallergyreference-production-p4298b-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-848fc5878d                      0         0         0       340d
mlallergyreference-production-p4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-594d78d8                         2         2         2       39d
mlallergyreference-production-p4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-8556975b9d                       0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-p478-bvha-oh-cernerasp-com-574dd8b946                        0         0         0       564d
mlallergyreference-production-p478-bvha-oh-cernerasp-com-ddbcc86b4                         0         0         0       556d
mlallergyreference-production-p810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-6c7474c548                        0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-p810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-75fb9dc98b                        2         2         2       39d
mlallergyreference-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-58c895c8db                     0         0         0       40d
mlallergyreference-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-d69bc746f                      2         2         2       26d
mlallergyreference-production-tiger-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-76f8b9d485                       0         0         0       53d
mlallergyreference-production-tiger-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-8545fc9f9c                       1         1         1       39d
mlallergyreference-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-59bd59876c                        0         0         0       9d
mlallergyreference-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-7f5dcdb95b                        2         2         2       9d
mlallergyreference-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-585447967d                        2         2         2       2d8h
mlallergyreference-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-78ff48f856                        0         0         0       9d
mlallergyreference-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-599796fd7c                        2         2         2       9d
mlallergyreference-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-f6d4d97f5                         0         0         0       9d
mlallergyreference-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-656f4cd6f9                        0         0         0       21d
mlallergyreference-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-797d6dd5f6                        2         2         2       5d3h
mlallergystaging-production-c149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-64ff6c69d9                          0         0         0       53d
mlallergystaging-production-c149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-65df46fdcc                          1         1         1       39d
mlallergystaging-production-c149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-5459bc589                           0         0         0       53d
mlallergystaging-production-c149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-79ff4f8489                          1         1         1       39d
mlallergystaging-production-d810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-69f77bf669                          1         1         1       39d
mlallergystaging-production-d810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-76b95d84c9                          0         0         0       53d
mlallergystaging-production-p149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-667f9db8b8                          2         2         2       39d
mlallergystaging-production-p149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-75c9c5947d                          0         0         0       53d
mlallergystaging-production-p149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-7788f4f76d                          2         2         2       39d
mlallergystaging-production-p149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-bcbb6bfb6                           0         0         0       53d
mlallergystaging-production-p3347-cern-clin-cernerasp-com-6c6594ccdb                       2         2         2       39d
mlallergystaging-production-p3347-cern-clin-cernerasp-com-748bb69794                       0         0         0       53d
mlallergystaging-production-p810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-74d4f7f85b                          0         0         0       53d
mlallergystaging-production-p810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-f8d87c678                           2         2         2       39d
mlallergystaging-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-74d678ff8f                       2         2         2       26d
mlallergystaging-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-7ddf7b8856                       0         0         0       40d
mlallergystaging-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-58b8b4c8b6                          2         2         2       9d
mlallergystaging-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-58df65b95f                          0         0         0       9d
mlallergystaging-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-5c746979f5                          0         0         0       9d
mlallergystaging-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-5fb6f8854d                          2         2         2       2d8h
mlallergystaging-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-67ddb99b7                           2         2         2       9d
mlallergystaging-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-68dbbbb66f                          0         0         0       9d
mlallergystaging-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-6d9d96cf5f                          2         2         2       21d
mlallergystaging-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-788b9dcc45                          0         0         0       38d
mlambulatoryorganizer-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-575cb847bb                  0         0         0       40d
mlambulatoryorganizer-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-6dd5c64855                  2         2         2       26d
mlambulatoryorganizer-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-5d57777d9d                     0         0         0       9d
mlambulatoryorganizer-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-dfd7995ff                      2         2         2       9d
mlambulatoryorganizer-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-869cd77d94                     0         0         0       9d
mlambulatoryorganizer-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-8fb86d9cb                      2         2         2       2d8h
mlambulatoryorganizer-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-77f759cc8                      2         2         2       9d
mlambulatoryorganizer-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-f68966844                      0         0         0       9d
mlambulatoryorganizer-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-7d547945d7                     0         0         0       25d
mlambulatoryorganizer-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-f87d48db8                      2         2         2       21d
mlappointment-production-c351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-79b7dfdb9d                              1         1         1       25d
mlappointment-production-p149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-6749f6b8b6                             0         0         0       39d
mlappointment-production-p149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-7767488dcf                             8         8         8       25d
mlappointment-production-p1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-597bfc9986                            0         0         0       39d
mlappointment-production-p1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-84f74756cf                            10        10        10      25d
mlappointment-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-66975645b8                              2         2         2       25d
mlappointment-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-58fdb6c4bb                          2         2         2       26d
mlappointment-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-78f49d87fc                          0         0         0       40d
mlappointment-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-57b56b574                              0         0         0       9d
mlappointment-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-76746fcb89                             2         2         2       2d1h
mlappointment-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-77756d6cf7                             0         0         0       9d
mlappointment-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-98f8b5d77                              2         2         2       2d8h
mlappointment-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-5458c4bfcb                             2         2         2       2d3h
mlappointment-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-65bc4c55c9                             0         0         0       2d1h
mlappointment-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-74c8dbb695                             2         2         2       4d5h
mlappointment-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-79f78d99d8                             0         0         0       21d
mlappointmentdraft-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-599cbbb97b                        0         0         0       29d
mlappointmentdraft-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-6d5f7cf9f5                        2         2         2       21d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-b4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-54cfc64746                1         1         1       39d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-b4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-74c6559f6d                0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-c351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-7d97d9df9b                  1         1         1       39d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-c351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-995dffb8d                   0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-c810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-5f98dd695b                 0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-c810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-7dc54bc764                 1         1         1       39d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-d810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-6d659479cd                 0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-d810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-f9b9f9484                  1         1         1       39d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-m810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-55b688d5cb                 1         1         1       39d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-m810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-76cd455cfb                 0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-568f555f45                  2         2         2       39d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-664d69b7f5                  0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-p4298-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-549f6dd5c4                0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-p4298-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-6b6f955868                2         2         2       39d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-p4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-8bcf8c47f                 2         2         2       39d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-p4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-fdd56d49c                 0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-p810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-584c576479                 0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-p810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-d796bcfb9                  2         2         2       39d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-64568c67f4              2         2         2       26d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-6796cf78fc              0         0         0       40d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-tiger-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-6d7c77fd8                 1         1         1       39d
mlappointmentrelationship-production-tiger-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-85b67d64bd                0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentrelationship-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-554b5dddbc                 0         0         0       37d
mlappointmentrelationship-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-f9899df4                   2         2         2       9d
mlappointmentrelationship-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-5655648fb7                 0         0         0       9d
mlappointmentrelationship-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-5d699d9f7                  2         2         2       2d8h
mlappointmentrelationship-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-6844ccbbf9                 0         0         0       9d
mlappointmentrelationship-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-f65c46c69                  2         2         2       9d
mlappointmentrelationship-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-7599fd7f9f                 0         0         0       29d
mlappointmentrelationship-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-b8d6d859d                  2         2         2       21d
mlappointmentrequest-production-c149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-57776f9dc4                      0         0         0       32d
mlappointmentrequest-production-c149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-648dc84c7f                      1         1         1       25d
mlappointmentrequest-production-c149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-58c5c745b7                      1         1         1       25d
mlappointmentrequest-production-c149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-8c6bb96d4                       0         0         0       32d
mlappointmentrequest-production-c351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-5669f9877                        0         0         0       32d
mlappointmentrequest-production-c351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-79dc787569                       1         1         1       25d
mlappointmentrequest-production-d810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-7f6f44cf75                      1         1         1       25d
mlappointmentrequest-production-d810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-7ffc7564d7                      0         0         0       32d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p0224r-cern-rwx-cernerasp-com-65dc95cb68                   0         0         0       32d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p0224r-cern-rwx-cernerasp-com-b95868f8d                    2         2         2       25d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-58c85d56c4                      0         0         0       32d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-775cccb998                      2         2         2       25d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-5fff695c46                      2         2         2       25d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-948c77bcb                       0         0         0       32d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-5cdb44d8b7                     2         2         2       25d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-999465dc5                      0         0         0       32d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p205-sgen-oh-cernerasp-com-8b4cbbcc4                       2         2         2       25d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p205-sgen-oh-cernerasp-com-9f879d                          0         0         0       32d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p329-lgmc-la-cernerasp-com-6fd97f97f7                      0         0         0       32d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p329-lgmc-la-cernerasp-com-7dfb677668                      2         2         2       25d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-cc85d9b4f                        0         0         0       32d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-fd9f7b59d                        2         2         2       25d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-595bb4955b                      0         0         0       32d
mlappointmentrequest-production-p810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-5dbfdd758d                      2         2         2       25d
mlappointmentrequest-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-54dd6d46b4                   0         0         0       33d
mlappointmentrequest-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-5f8bd865b                    2         2         2       26d
mlappointmentrequest-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-5f7965d7bc                      2         2         2       9d
mlappointmentrequest-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-9b46bf8b                        0         0         0       30d
mlappointmentrequest-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-697d5bb454                      2         2         2       2d8h
mlappointmentrequest-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-759fcdd768                      0         0         0       9d
mlappointmentrequest-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-558b74c56c                      2         2         2       9d
mlappointmentrequest-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-7b7696947c                      0         0         0       9d
mlappointmentrequest-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-66d959df47                      0         0         0       33d
mlappointmentrequest-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-f55764f44                       2         2         2       29d
mlappointmentresource-production-b4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-659b6d64f6                    1         1         1       39d
mlappointmentresource-production-b4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-79f98fdd78                    0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentresource-production-c351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-68cf4795ff                      0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentresource-production-c351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-fc9cc849f                       1         1         1       39d
mlappointmentresource-production-c810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-676dc99f8d                     1         1         1       39d
mlappointmentresource-production-c810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-6bf59cfcb4                     0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentresource-production-d810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-5744677db4                     1         1         1       39d
mlappointmentresource-production-d810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-7fdcbf8cb6                     0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentresource-production-m810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-5c97b7d9c6                     1         1         1       39d
mlappointmentresource-production-m810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-8c5c8c8fb                      0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentresource-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-5bf6fc8f94                      0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentresource-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-86468f8f76                      2         2         2       39d
mlappointmentresource-production-p4298-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-66f676f5d7                    2         2         2       39d
mlappointmentresource-production-p4298-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-85cd4d4cf7                    0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentresource-production-p4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-54bc5dcfd7                    0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentresource-production-p4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-6f69ff58fc                    2         2         2       39d
mlappointmentresource-production-p810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-54d445f6f9                     0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentresource-production-p810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-5c4c8db4b5                     2         2         2       39d
mlappointmentresource-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-77b64cb86f                  2         2         2       26d
mlappointmentresource-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-df4749585                   0         0         0       40d
mlappointmentresource-production-tiger-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-7567587765                    1         1         1       39d
mlappointmentresource-production-tiger-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-fbc7c5d89                     0         0         0       53d
mlappointmentresource-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-5456b88866                     2         2         2       9d
mlappointmentresource-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-865b7dc8f7                     0         0         0       9d
mlappointmentresource-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-589f4cf88d                     2         2         2       2d8h
mlappointmentresource-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-655bcf7fbb                     0         0         0       9d
mlappointmentresource-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-664bb959bd                     2         2         2       9d
mlappointmentresource-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-775dfd467f                     0         0         0       9d
mlappointmentresource-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-6cf85697f6                     0         0         0       21d
mlappointmentresource-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-867ffdf989                     2         2         2       5d3h
mlappointmenttype-production-b4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-547d6886b4                        0         0         0       53d
mlappointmenttype-production-b4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-59756d4f54                        1         1         1       39d
mlappointmenttype-production-c351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-6449f7fd99                          0         0         0       53d
mlappointmenttype-production-c351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-8476947cdc                          1         1         1       39d
mlappointmenttype-production-c810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-5c86f79f56                         1         1         1       39d
mlappointmenttype-production-c810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-8455cf78d8                         0         0         0       53d
mlappointmenttype-production-d810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-598fb885f6                         1         1         1       39d
mlappointmenttype-production-d810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-7c7fd87b74                         0         0         0       53d
mlappointmenttype-production-m810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-64b9c857bd                         1         1         1       39d
mlappointmenttype-production-m810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-8d98bf488                          0         0         0       53d
mlappointmenttype-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-5568d9ddd                           2         2         2       39d
mlappointmenttype-production-p351-ihc-ut-cernerasp-com-76f7666f74                          0         0         0       53d
mlappointmenttype-production-p4298-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-59f554f564                        2         2         2       39d
mlappointmenttype-production-p4298-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-84666f5794                        0         0         0       53d
mlappointmenttype-production-p4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-5796bf5c5c                        0         0         0       53d
mlappointmenttype-production-p4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-7bc57c8cd7                        2         2         2       39d
mlappointmenttype-production-p810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-57bfb85969                         2         2         2       39d
mlappointmenttype-production-p810-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-fcc5bd779                          0         0         0       53d
mlappointmenttype-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-585c6c65d5                      0         0         0       40d
mlappointmenttype-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-8d6b88964                       2         2         2       26d
mlappointmenttype-production-tiger-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-655ff96c89                        0         0         0       53d
mlappointmenttype-production-tiger-univ-mo-cernerasp-com-79556f4b49                        1         1         1       39d
mlappointmenttype-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-597d9f65d9                         0         0         0       37d
mlappointmenttype-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-59d7ff7dbd                         2         2         2       9d
mlappointmenttype-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-585799ffbc                         2         2         2       2d8h
mlappointmenttype-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-859bd9fb9c                         0         0         0       9d
mlappointmenttype-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-66c4d6bd7b                         2         2         2       9d
mlappointmenttype-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-6d5776c58c                         0         0         0       9d
mlappointmenttype-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-595dcbc4dd                         0         0         0       29d
mlappointmenttype-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-857887b6b9                         2         2         2       21d
mlapworklist-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-64ccd5b9d8                           0         0         0       39d
mlapworklist-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-66694b99cf                           2         2         2       26d
mlapworklist-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-57df7859f5                              2         2         2       2d1h
mlapworklist-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-6fbfbfcb6f                              0         0         0       9d
mlapworklist-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-7f599b69d8                              2         2         2       2d8h
mlapworklist-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-c4f64b7cd                               0         0         0       9d
mlapworklist-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-6c45c9ffc6                              2         2         2       2d1h
mlapworklist-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-7467998979                              0         0         0       9d
mlapworklist-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-568975c48b                              0         0         0       29d
mlapworklist-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-84856f8784                              2         2         2       19d
mlautotext-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-65f75cf86                              2         2         2       26d
mlautotext-production-prdeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-8b9856586                              0         0         0       40d
mlautotext-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-664f5c8c9d                                2         2         2       9d
mlautotext-sandbox-b1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-d897bd7cd                                 0         0         0       30d
mlautotext-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-6995dd9d4b                                0         0         0       37d
mlautotext-sandbox-sndeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-6cdc5b85df                                2         2         2       9d
mlautotext-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-5d94d588fd                                2         2         2       2d3h
mlautotext-sandbox-t1941-cern-abcn-cernerasp-com-8687949567                                0         0         0       9d
mlautotext-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-67cfddcff4                                0         0         0       21d
mlautotext-staging-stgeng-temp-rho-cernerasp-com-d6bf45b95                                 2         2         2       28h
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b1013-sths-tn-cernerasp-com-5c8bd84f75             0         0         0       571d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b1013-sths-tn-cernerasp-com-8476fd6689             0         0         0       564d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b121-albr-pa-cernerasp-com-6588677f8b              0         0         0       571d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b121-albr-pa-cernerasp-com-79dd4d89fb              0         0         0       564d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-8664c57b88             1         1         1       39d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-c5c6ffddd              0         0         0       53d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b205-sgen-oh-cernerasp-com-6488d9b65               0         0         0       53d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b205-sgen-oh-cernerasp-com-7b6cbf87c9              1         1         1       39d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b275-trum-mo-cernerasp-com-7545d68fd5              1         1         1       39d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b275-trum-mo-cernerasp-com-7546679f97              0         0         0       53d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b3347-cern-clin-cernerasp-com-759dcc4bfc           1         1         1       39d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b3347-cern-clin-cernerasp-com-c6d46d59c            0         0         0       53d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b4298-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-6c64c8fd7b             0         0         0       312d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b4298-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-76f7fcdb88             0         0         0       325d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b4298b-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-645dc4bd6d            0         0         0       312d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b4298b-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-6f668d4956            0         0         0       325d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-6d55db7496             1         1         1       39d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-b4300-cphy-pr-cernerasp-com-8679bb8cdb             0         0         0       53d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c0224r-cern-rwx-cernerasp-com-679d69f9c4           0         0         0       53d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c0224r-cern-rwx-cernerasp-com-6bf8f79cfd           1         1         1       39d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c0622-fair-oh-cernerasp-com-54fcc796bd             0         0         0       564d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c0622-fair-oh-cernerasp-com-895d6b49d              0         0         0       571d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c0701-chld-wa-cernerasp-com-77ddffcfd4             0         0         0       564d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c0701-chld-wa-cernerasp-com-8466487b94             0         0         0       571d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-65fdbbb5c9              0         0         0       53d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c149c-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-69f47df89f              1         1         1       39d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-6bcbc4c7c6              0         0         0       53d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c149e-ahs-fl-cernerasp-com-7866567476              1         1         1       39d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c1568-utwn-pa-cernerasp-com-57875b6cf5             0         0         0       571d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c1568-utwn-pa-cernerasp-com-6bd4f99b4f             0         0         0       564d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c161-wood-oh-cernerasp-com-6b7bb5489d              0         0         0       571d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c161-wood-oh-cernerasp-com-86b54c44d               0         0         0       564d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-6b85ccd657             0         0         0       53d
mlbehavioralhealthattendance-production-c1751-flho-fl-cernerasp-com-7fcccc4f87             1         1
```

